- [Instructor] Now, I just got the DataGenerator class
modified a little bit,
so instead of returning a single order,
it is now going to give me a list of orders.
So I modified the getData method
and created two orders there, okay,
and added both of them to the orders List
and returned that list.
Okay, this file is available for you
in the exercise folders,
and let me tell you that it is not necessary
that you create data like this,
you can always give a call to your database,
to the back end, and retrieve all the data
and then set it in the List of orders object.
That's absolutely okay.
All right, but this file nevertheless is available to you,
so you can use it, please feel free to use it, no problem.
Okay, so now we are going to go back to the OrderResource,
and that's the point
where we had written out getOrdersFromDatabase,
so I am just going to say, on the next line,
instead of now trying to get data, I am going to get it
in the orders List.
Okay, so I'm going to say, DataGenerator.getData,
and that'll give me a complete list of orders,
which is good.
Now, let's come back to the RESTful GET method
that we have, and what are we going to do inside it?
Nothing, we have to just make sure
that we get the orders
from that local method, the one that is trying
to generate it and get back.
And then let's take this and return as a part of line 27.
Okay, so that's what it is, and of course, let's annotate
one more parameter to the method, which is Produces,
and what is this Produces?
Basically, this method is going to produce me data
of type JSON,
and I'll explain to you what is happening behind the scenes,
but right now I want to specify that this method is going
to produce something of type JSON,
so I'm going to take the help of MediaType
and say Application.JSON, there we go.
This is all related to the RESTful Web Services basics.
Okay, so now that we are done with this,
let's go ahead and clean
and build this project first, quickly,
okay, the build is a success,
and let's run this project.
It'll ask you to select the server when you're running it
for the first time, so select GlassFish Server 5,
and maybe you can Remember it for the Current IDE Session
or maybe Remember Permanently.
So let's go ahead and launch the server.
This is going to take a little time, because it's starting
for the first time.
Okay, so it has pulled up the basic URI
of the application, so what we're going to do now is,
we're going to use the Postman tool
to test out this particular web service,
so let's launch the Postman tool,
and let's copy this URI and close this window.
Yeah, we have the Postman tool ready,
so let's make sure
that we access the current application's URL,
which is this, so that's the basic URL,
but as we say, you have to first access the part
of the basic JAX-RS configuration class,
and then we can access the part of the RESTful API
that you want to really give a hit to
in order to get the orders, okay?
So let's quickly revise that in case you want
to recollect, that's the JAX-RS configuration class,
so that's the first basic URI that you need to access,
after which, you can hit the RESTful API spot.
That's how you do it, okay?
So let's go to the Postman tool
and click on Send, there we go,
that's the JSON that it has gotten for us.
Now let's examine this carefully.
Let's go to the Pretty Pretty view, there, oh,
and your very nicely formatted JSON will come up there,
and what is this signifying?
This is an array.
There are two orders that I have added to my list,
and when I want to get all the orders it is displaying there
in the form of a JSON array, so that is the first order.
Let me change the pane that I am trying to view in this,
so it'll be a little better.
Yes, there we go, so that's the first order,
order 199, and that is the second order,
and this entire data has come out in the form of a JSON,
and we're getting it through a RESTful API.
Now you must have noticed that we did not do any
of the stuff we actually did in the standalone application.
We did not clear the JSON-B instance,
the default JSON-B engine instance,
we never called the JSON-B builder,
we never called the 2 JSON API, why?
That's because the JAX-RS services are already integrated
with the JSON Binding API.
Now how fantastic is that?
You only have to specify the RESTful API,
you have to specify your method, you make sure that you have
all the data ready with you, and once that data is ready,
you just embed that into your RESTful method,
and you are ready for it.
So this entire thing, of getting the order's object,
converting it into JSON, all of it was done
by the JAX-RS service behind the scenes,
using the JSON Binding API.
That is how this goes, okay?
In the next video, we'll add one more method,
and then we'll check it out, how that looks like.